Fixed Documentation regarding installation of kfctl on windows using WSL (#2394)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/aws/deploy/install-kubeflow.md

<a id="prepare-environment"></a>
## Prepare your environment

> **NOTE**: kfctl is currently available for Linux and macOS users only. If you are on windows then [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) on windows can be used to install kfctl.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
**Note**: kfctl is currently available for Linux and macOS users only. If you use Windows, you can install kfctl on Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL). Refer to the official [instructions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) for setting up WSL.
```

cc @RFMVasconcelos @alfsuse

> In order to deploy Kubeflow on your existing Amazon EKS cluster, you need to provide `AWS_CLUSTER_NAME`, `cluster region` and `worker roles`.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
To deploy Kubeflow on your existing Amazon EKS cluster, you need to provide `AWS_CLUSTER_NAME`, `cluster region` and `worker roles`.
```
